(Episode 31)
Chairman Park Sung Jin wasn't murdered by Chairman Hwang Do Won.
It was Martin.
A video of him confessing his crime...
was recorded on Aji 3.
I heard the emergency board meeting is tomorrow.
- I think we should all go... - No.
That won't solve anything.
Then,
do you have another idea?
I'm going to make sure...
they don't use my illness against me from now on.
Are you going in?
Have some.
When you were young, I used to get this bread...
for you and Min Kyu. You two loved it so much.
You know about it too, don't you?
I'm talking about Min Kyu.
Do you know about his illness?
Of course, I do.
He suffered from the illness for 15 years.
15 years?
Yes.
It started when both his parents passed away.
It's probably because he got hurt...
by a lot of people back then.
Sign this.
My dad told me that...
we'll be able to live together if you sign this.
Cheer up, my friend.
No. We're a family now.
What? What's this? Get away from me!
What's this?
(Purpose of Claim, Name of Guardian: Hwang Do Won)
After that day,
Min Kyu locked himself up in this house for 15 years.
He couldn't have any physical contact with other people.
He cooked his own food.
And he just endured the pain.
More importantly, no one came to visit him.
Why didn't you visit him?
I was sorry.
If you're sorry, you need to say so in order for him to know.
It's apparently because of me.
Min Kyu got sick because of me.
I used to feel really upset.
I couldn't understand why he was so harsh on me.
I couldn't understand how he could treat me that way...
when we used to be friends.
I thought I was the victim.
And I slowly started to...
rationalize me...
and my dad's actions.
You were young back then.
You didn't know he had that kind of illness.
I'm sure Min Kyu will understand.
It's not too late. You can go back to being friends.
Do you really think so?
He probably can't sleep because of tomorrow's press conference.
Hey, what's up?
What? You're where?
- When did you come? - Just a while ago.
Are you okay?
Friend Mode.
Why the long face? Do you want me to make you smile?
Who made you feel this way?
Bring them over. I'll beat the soul out of them.
My gosh, you're cute.
You better not act this cute around others.
You're the only person who thinks I'm cute.
What? Why wouldn't anyone think you're cute?
I know, right?
You're the cutest and prettiest woman...
out of all the women I know.
You don't know a lot of women.
Should I make some more female friends?
I'm going to kill you.
If I'm so cute, you can promote me and start calling me Pretty again.
No, I can't do that.
Why not?
There's another rank right above that rank,
and that's you.
What kind of rank is that?
It's a special rank that I made just for you who's full of secrets.
Gosh, I told you everything. There's nothing more to tell.
When? I'm sure there's more.
- I already told you everything. - Do you...
- want me to bring it up again? - You're so mean.
- I know there's more. - There's nothing more to tell.
- Gosh, just admit it. - Hey.
You're driving me crazy.
Do you feel better?
Yes.
Thanks to you, I'll be able to win the fight tomorrow.
Are you sure you don't need me there?
Do you want me to stand at the back of the conference room?
No, it's okay. I'll go by myself.
Wherever I may be, I know that you'll always be by my side.
I wish you all the best.
I'll do my best to win.
We shall begin the emergency board meeting.
We prepared today's agenda for KM Financial's future...
in which the board has to come to a quick decision.
Just a second.
Let me say something before you announce the agenda.
Director Kim is currently holding a press conference.
It may have a big effect on today's meeting.
Therefore, I think we should first check what he'll be announcing.
What are you talking about? Let's just get on with it.
But he might be announcing something really important.
Are you sure Director Kim isn't just trying to trick us?
(KM Financial Director Kim Min Kyu Press Conference)
I'm KM Financial's director,
Kim Min Kyu.
I also...
suffer from...
a human allergy.
As soon as I come into physical contact with a human being,
I start having difficulty in breathing,
and I start getting rashes on my body.
And because of this, I always...
carried around my gloves and a baton.
I'm sure a lot of you may wonder...
how someone like me was able to...
stay as a director of a big firm.
Every time I came to the office,
all the employees thankfully kept their distance from me.
Therefore, I had no trouble attending meetings.
And as for my other duties,
I was able to take care of them without a problem...
thanks to Mr. Jo who's standing beside me.
There's one thing I'm proudly able to tell everyone.
I'm slowly starting to heal...
from this...
so-called human allergy.
One day, out of the blue,
a robot suddenly entered my life.
I became friends...
with that robot.
And I tried to connect with it.
Yes.
That's what happened.
That robot...
was sometimes human...
and sometimes a robot.
My emotions...
were input...
into that robot...
and that person.
That's how...
this miracle happened.
That fact...
completely changed the way I view things.
This will be...
yet another scoop for the reporters present.
KM Financial...
will go from financing mergers and acquisitions to investing in...
futuristic industries that involve human sensibilities.
This is your first change in business strategy in 15 years.
Do you have anything mapped out?
First of all, KM Financial...
will invest heavily in developing robots with AI...
that can communicate with us on an emotional level.
With Doctor Hong Baek Gyoon, a renowned engineer,
we will bring in the fourth industrial revolution,
and we will offer any support necessary.
Is Doctor Hong in Seoul?
- Can we interview him? - Is your allergy curable?
- Look over here. - Where is that robot?
Can you tell us?
Can you tell us anything else?
Doctor, it looks like you'll have quite a hassle.
We'll bring in the fourth industrial revolution...
I suddenly feel a weight on my shoulders.
You're really heavy, stop it.
Doctor, can you see me in private?
Our stock price is soaring.
- Is it really? - What's going on?
- My goodness. - It's skyrocketing.
It went up so much.
Look.
May I have your attention, please?
We're running out of time.
We shall now vote on dismissing Director Kim...
The press conference we just saw convinced me...
beyond a shadow of a doubt that Director Kim is someone...
we can't do without.
I, therefore,
agree wholeheartedly with Director Kim's new road map.
As a shareholder...
and as Chairman Hwang's representative,
on the agenda of Director Kim's dismissal,
I vote no.
What do you mean?
- We came to vote yes. - What's happening?
- What's going on? - It's nonsense.
I also support Director Kim Min Kyu.
I'm against his dismissal.
- My goodness. - What is happening here?
- We came here to get rid of him. - What are they talking about?
This is a mess.
- Hi, did you watch? - Yes.
Kim Min Kyu, you were awesomely, incredibly cool.
This is the kind of guy your boyfriend is.
I have to go to the company.
Go and wait somewhere. I'll come over later.
Thank you.
Okay, good luck wrapping it up.
You have to really do your best.
You know I invested in you, right?
Thank you, but...
will you be okay?
I trust your competence.
That's why I'm excited about the new future you proposed.
Will there be a lot I can do too?
Actually, Yoo Cheol worked harder than I to convince the directors.
I think I should leave and let you talk out...
the misunderstandings you had for 15 years.
I found out...
what the papers I had given to you meant.
What my dad had tried to do to you.
I'd found the papers in my dad's study.
But...
I couldn't tell you that I knew.
I pretended not to know what had happened.
I pretended I had not wronged you at all.
I believed my dad hadn't done that out of malice.
That's how I rationalized it away.
Just to protect myself.
It was cowardly...
and foolish.
Sorry it took so long.
I'm sorry, Min Kyu.
We found evidence...
that Martin killed Chairman Park Sung Jin.
Interpol got involved.
Go and...
convince your dad.
He must confess first...
to get a lower sentence.
Okay.
Thanks for the tip.
I think...
I'll be okay this time.
[VIU Ver] E31 I'm Not a Robot "A New Beginning"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hi, where are you?
Shall we meet on the street we walked when it snowed?
Shall we? Okay, I'll be right there.
When...
How long...
have you been standing there?
Quite a while now. I knocked before coming in.
Have a seat.
You did very well today.
Thank you.
I think we sorted everything out.
What do you think?
Yes, I think so too.
We should all go home early today.
In that case, I'd like you to accept...
my letter of resignation.
What?
That...
I already said...
That was your opinion.
I have not changed my mind...
about resigning.
But...
I stayed because there was a lot to do.
Now everything's done, so as planned,
I should leave as well.
Mr. Jo.
Please, sir.
Then...
goodbye.
Why do you want to buy clothes?
You'll be swamped with interview requests now.
I'll wear what I have.
Don't you think...
Min Kyu has an unusual charm?
He looks like a little brother at home,
but at work, he has this killer charisma.
He's a director for a reason.
He put up a good fight.
What about me?
I'm used to you, so it's impossible to find a new side of you.
What is it?
Do you want to go out with me?
What?
How long are you going to stare?
Until you look back at me.
There. Happy?
Do you want to go out with me?
Why are you laughing?
Let's go.
Dr. Hong, aren't you going to answer me?
It's cold. Let's go.
Dad, I'm sorry.
I'm not the daughter you wanted me to be.
But, I'll live happily.
I know that deep in your heart,
you would want me to be happy.
That's what I believe.
I thought you were nervous, but you did so well.
I was really nervous at first,
but I was able to see you after taking a deep breath.
From that point on, I was able to talk smoothly.
It's my soul that helped you.
Also,
it was my first time in 15 years...
to talk properly with Yoo Cheol.
I even suggested that we shake hands first.
For some reason, I thought it would be okay.
- You shook hands? - Yes.
Were you okay?
Yes.
Ever since I saw you, I think I was fine.
You should take good care of this treasure of yours.
Gosh, it's so cold.
Come here.
If you're cold, why are you giving this to me?
To take good care of my treasure.
What do you want to do today? I'll do anything for you.
From now on, I'm going to get really busy.
Let's have a lot of fun today.
Do you know how much I wanted to bring you here?
Do you want me to make a place like this at home?
Will you come visit every day, then?
Let's warm up first.
Do you know how to play this?
Yes.
Here I go.
Yes!
What?
Throw it.
Hit it.
Game over.
Yes!
Let's play something else.
Die. Die.
Die!
That's not fair.
Do it again.
Wait.
I lost again?
Two points, two points, two points,
two points, two points.
- Let's go for another round. - No.
Are we stopping just because you won?
I want to keep this feeling of victory in my heart forever.
You said you would do anything I want today.
I will pay for dinner tonight.
Get whatever you want.
Wait. Is this really what you want?
Yes.
Seriously.
Hey.
What is Mr. Jo like?
Once he says no, it's a no.
I see. What kind of person is he to you?
Someone like a dad?
Mr. Jo...
quit today.
What? Really?
Yes.
I don't know...
how to persuade him.
Mr. Jo...
Quit?
Ji A's brother?
He handed in a resignation letter?
Did you offend him or something?
Maybe a little? It was a while ago.
To be honest, a lot. But...
it wasn't anything recent.
I don't think he's the type to hold grudges.
Hey, didn't you see him...
sue his own sister?
Grudges?
He's such a stubborn guy.
He must be uncomfortable.
With what?
To have his sister's boyfriend as his boss.
You're right. I just imagined it, and it's so uncomfortable.
Would it be that uncomfortable?
I thought we were a good match.
Work is work. It's different when it's personal.
Is this season two of turning Kim Min Kyu into a human?
Yes.
I got it. This is it.
What is it?
He doesn't like you as Ji A's boyfriend.
Hey.
- Watch your mouth. - Keep that closed.
They're not helpful at all.
Why are you following me in? I'm going to rest.
- What is it? - Hey.
Where do kids go for dates these days?
Why are you asking me such a thing?
Why? Can't I ask a question?
You don't have anyone to go on a date with.
What is it? Do you?
No way. There are no women around.
Be quiet.
I said, be quiet.
Wow! Since when?
Hey,
you guys actually look good together.
- Of course. - I went to a fun place today.
Do you want to know where?
Where is it?
This is for you.
- Thank you. - No problem.
Hey, did you really quit work?
It's not because of you, so don't worry.
What? You quit work?
Hong Joo.
Are you kidding me right now?
When you confessed everything to me,
I told you to never lie to me again.
What is this? You quit without telling me?
Well...
I handed in the resignation letter quite some time ago.
What? You handed in a resignation letter a while ago?
This is making me really mad. Gosh...
- Hong Joo, calm down. - Hong Joo.
Stop!
How can I calm down?
Mom, you will scare the baby.
Right. I'm sorry.
How are you so inflexible?
Go get your resignation letter back right away.
Answer me.
Okay.
You fool.
It's not over yet. You can...
No.
It's over.
They found evidence...
where Martin admitted his murder.
Before he's arrested,
you need to confess everything you know.
That's the only way to reduce your sentence.
Impossible!
It's not over for Hwang Do Won!
Come to your senses, Father.
Please.
So, you will pay for a portion of the rent...
in exchange for a corner in the cafe?
Yes. What was it called again? Shop...
- Shop in shop? - Yes.
I want to do that in a corner of your cafe.
I will use it as my office as well as a showroom.
I like that. Let's do it.
What about development expenses? Last time, Hong Joo...
She's furious right now. I can't ask her.
Why? Did something happen?
My brother quit his job.
I can see why she's mad.
Ask Kim Min Kyu to invest.
Isn't it an investment company now?
I will make it work on my own.
Something called crowdfunding or something.
- "Crowdfunding"? - Yes.
It's a medium where I publish my idea on the internet...
to receive investment.
Then, give me a percentage of your earnings...
instead of paying rent.
Let's go, Jo Ji A!
Yes!
Now, I...
have to go on a date.
I'll close shop.
Okay.
Are you feeling all right?
Yes. I'm all better now.
I'm just like everyone else.
I could even touch you.
I'm sorry...
- Hey. - Hey.
Please, go ahead.
Well...
It's about your resignation letter.
Yes. The letter...
I think I should...
Well...
The resignation letter...
Okay. I will just process it, then.
It looks like your mind is set.
I would really prefer for you to stay on the team,
but maybe you're uncomfortable because of Ji A.
But,
if you ever change your mind, please don't hesitate to tell me.
I would welcome you back.
Yes. What is it?
Where are you?
Summer Snow.
Should I come over?
I'm working.
What's more important? Me or work?
Work is important, and so are you.
Gosh. I miss you a lot.
I miss you too.
I'll call you when I finish this.
Okay. Bye.
(Crowdfunding Registration)
I can sit here for a while, right?
You can work. I'll just watch you.
You're not allowed to talk to me.
Fine. What is it? Tell me.
Well...
Mr. Jo...
Right, my brother!
He must have come to see you to get his registration letter back.
I forgot to tell you.
- What? - His wife has him under her thumb.
She ordered him to get it back. It's good news, right?
Did you see him today?
Yes. We met up...
And?
I told him I would process it.
I see.
I'm suddenly getting a headache.
This isn't working. Come over to my house.
What?
(Final episode  will air shortly.)